today I got a few tips for you when
you're spackling you go to spackle and
you see how there's these high spots you
can push them in but if they won't push
in what you can do is use the back of
your screwdriver like a billy club and
flatten down any spots and that's gonna
make your finish come out a lot better
when you spackle it show you here a lot
of times with a nail hole it'll pick up
or a screw hole pull some of the
material this one here
wait why but by flattening them down
first it'll make it so it takes the
spackle better now here's a hole that
was packed you can see and someone
didn't flatten it down so let me show
you the difference off flatten it down
there and now it's gonna taste the
spackling a lot better here's another
thing anyway now when I go to spackle it
it'll cover the hole and once the
touch-up paint no one's gonna see it but
something like this this is a hole that
was sparkled and then someone just
painted over it without smashing it down
so again I'm gonna smash that down
better and then now when it's touch-up
painted it won't be noticeable okay
here's a second tip for sparkling for
bigger holes what if you needed a putty
knife and you didn't have a putty knife
what you can do for that is use switch
plate cover switch plate cover comes in
real handy right here
the nice thing is they're pretty much
always available so if you needed a
scraper and you didn't have one little
switch plate cover will work perfect the
third tip is just for these little holes
just you can do it by hand you just use
your finger to fill in any of the little
holes
and you just make it blend you really
don't want to use a putty knife or
anything for applying spackling for
small holes like this because then
you're going to create a big old splotch
that will need to be sanded down
otherwise it's going to show up badly